so I will work this evening neighbor I
need a lap dance Table five don't get
too close
the guy smells like asparagus pee and
he's got a hook hand you're not a
neighbor you're a pot dealer David Clark
I have a smidge of marijuana down in
Mexico bring it back here right Sunday
night I will pay you $100,000
it was way out of my league you don't
have a choice I make a lot of money
you're probably gonna get searched the
border you could wear a disguise
staying Batman so much how would you
like to make 10 grand drug-dealing
start you're feeling it's smuggling me
crossing the border loan huge red flag
but family's high then get a second look
so he needs it be my wife
well I hired this dork that lives in my
building
Kenny meet your new sister I always
wanted a sister
just get it we just have to dress up
with the squeaky clean all-american
family have a lovely family thank you
very much
you're the Millers honey eat a dick I'm
here to pick up a smidge of pot this is
not a smidge
you got me movin enough weed to kill
Willy fucking Nelson man you folks can
make camp with the Fitzgeralds tonight
when you've been married as long as we
have for you're looking to spice things
up a bit it never touched another woman
before I would be okay with that
so I guess we're swam no oh here we go
with you
ladies down
they're interesting the big black penis
it's a skateboard skateboard great
course it is big black skateboard we
have been shot Kenny's been bitten by a
tarantula fuckin dog it hurts so much
Oh God let me see it you're not seeing
it we just man up and drop your pants
we've all seen a dick we have was it
look like I can't look fuck me it's not
that bad how bad is it
Kenny is fine turns out we stole from an
international drug dealer do you all die
now rise atomic my wife she's just a
cheap stripper okay prove it
have some respect that's your mother see
things through you relax a little music
I've seen a rainbow yesterday but too
many storms have come and gone leaving a
trace if not what God given me is it
because my life is hand shades are great
afraid off and fade away